feat(auth): implement siwe (#6)
fiatconnect/api-starter: README.md

yarn test
```
#### Integration tests
Integration tests are not included with this starter project. However, an

> example of how to create a Siwe message is included

Reviewer: ```suggestion
example of how to create a [Sign-In with Ethereum](https://login.xyz/) message for authentication is included
```
